# ADR 001 - Coveo backend coding challenge

# Proposed application architecture - 03/03/2020

## Status

Proposed/Accepted

## Context

Please read the README.md at the root of the codebase to get a better understanding of the scope of the project.

## Decision

A microservice architecture was choosen in this scenario. Even though it is a small project, it allows greater scalability in the future knowing that the front end and back end portions are not dependent on one another. I am aware that this isn't a true microservice architecture because the both parts of the application live in the same codebase (it is that way for the sake of the challenge). But in development terms, they are completely independent from one another.  

I decided to use C# and the .NET Core framework to build the suggestion API. It is a stack I am very acustomed to using therefor it should make the development process a little easier. It is also very easy to create a clear project structure with well segmented files. This makes the code easier to read and to comprehend given the powerful tools we have such as ReSharper. It will thus be simpler to debug in the futur if someone else has to maintain the codebase. No hosting platform has been selected at the moment for the API.

VueJS was selected as the primary front-end framework as it is flexible and simple to set up. It will be hosted on Netlify. Integration tests will be built with TestCafe.


## Consequences

There are no real consequences of this decision at the moment. The CI hosting/deployment process will probably be a little more complicated to set up since we have to split the code base and build on two different platforms but it is all worth it in the end.

## Links

Pivotal:

-[A developer can deploy the API via the CI process](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/171618490)
-[A developer can deploy the front end via the CI process](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/171618487)
